.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii pwsafe.1
.\"
.TH PWSAFE 1 "JULY 2010" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
pwsafe \- Secure Password Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pwsafe [-g
.I config-file
.B ] [-u
.I user
.B ] [ -h
.I host
.B ]
.B [-r]
.B [
.I database
.B ]
.br
.B pwsafe
.B -v
.I database
.br
.B pwsafe
.B [-e|-d]
.I file
.br
.B pwsafe
.B [-c|-s|-m]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pwsafe
manages your passwords in a convenient yet secure manner.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -g
.I config-file
This will cause the specified config-file to be used for loading and storing
preferences, instead of the default pwsafe.cfg (see
.B FILES
).
.IP -u
.I user
This will cause the application to read and write preferences under
the specified
.I user
instead of under the login name.
.IP -h
.I host
This will cause the application to read and write preferences under
the specified 
.I host
, instead of under the machine's name.
.IP -r
.I [database]
This will open the specified database in read-only mode. If a database
is not specified, then the application will prompt the user for a
database, which will be opened in read-only mode.
.IP -v
.I database
This will validate the database after the correct passphrase is
entered, correcting internal inconsistencies as necessary. Mostly
useful when working with databases written by other applications.
.IP -c
This will start the application closed, that is, with
no database, and without the initial opening dialog (To access a
database, use the File menu).
.IP -s
This will start the application "silently", that is,
minimized and with no database (unless one is specified). When the
application is unminimized, the user is presented with the opening
dialog box.
.B Note:
This implicitly puts the application in the system tray.
.IP -m
This is the same as the
.B -c
option, with the addition that the application is started as minimized.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.pwsafe/pwsafe.cfg
.RS
The application's preference file. Note that all security-related
preferences are stored as part of the password database. This file
only stores preferences pertaining to appearance, such as last size &
location of the application's window, last files opened, etc.
.RE
.I ~/.pwsafe/pwsafe.psafe3
.RS
The user's default password database. A different database may be
specified via command line, the initial dialog box or the File->Open menu.
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP PWS_PREFSDIR
If set,
.B pwsafe
will look for the preference file in this directory rather than in
.I ~/.pwsafe.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.B pwsafe
Will issue error messages if the database is damaged. If this occurs,
invoking
.B pwsafe
with the 
.B -v
option may help.
.SH BUGS
The 
.B -s
,
.B -c
and 
.B -m
options are currently unimplemented.
.SH AUTHOR
Rony Shapiro <ronys at sf dot net>

